so what's going on people tesco is going to be like this
It starts again where you 19 limburg
payday let's go the peace soja
reign on island with the farmers
red dot sight while it looks and
The door will get a beautiful nuke
that can be pressed into the face
you can really be seen there because you feel
Somehow, something freed when you
youtube end adversary takes beautiful youth
At least that's how it is with me
Well, yes, you will soon see that too
I'll make a triple kill right away
and I somehow saw 45 opponents
the backpack on the back had
or the type we were
wtf can see my saves triple
tillmann good people what do you want for a short time
and barely chosen to have some is yes
probably it will be noticed
base community bonn no more videos
upload or yes there active
am
and that's what she's really up to because I'm
As always, tesco did not have that much time
and I have to admit that I too
So easily overwhelmed I am
now two channels, so to speak now
once tesco youtube channel and hold up
community ball
and yes that's just right
time consuming if I'm honest but
I had to look somehow now
that I can handle it
Worst case , I'll be there
somehow help someone get the help
videos uploads or so of even the
same year gameplay taste had
I definitely have to be like me
think about it well yes you can
I still have videos to send
but soon he comes now call of duty
big out and yes I do not know if I am
until then the remaining videos there
So I'll upload if cod goes as
outside, please, I'm so sure
sick gameplays there 1
are dusting cars there
can feierabend good people I am
me anyway on cd ghost there
Of course mothers will be shaved again
Well, I'm going to go in and clean up
next time